Kevin Kaspar: Okay, we're recording. We're starting right now. Agent learners up first.st George, the monitor computer is now, host.
Kevin Kaspar: when it's your turn. George, can you make me co-host with you when it's your turn? You are going to go up and you're gonna join the zoom. Turn off like, keep yourself muted, and keep your volume off. And you're gonna share your screen from your computer.
Kevin Kaspar: Everyone else your laptop should be down because you don't need to be sharing right now.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: everyone else's laptops should be down
Kevin Kaspar: or just closed until it's your turn to give
Kevin Kaspar: Agent Lunar your full attention. Yes, exam is over. Yeah, I close the laptop.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. Well, the reason we want everyone to pay attention is, not only are Jake myself.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Be able to help you fill up.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Let them know what you think.
Kevin Kaspar: We're halfway through. We gotta make sure everybody's directionally correct with what they're gonna do. Right?
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, we have one announcement before you start.
Kevin Kaspar: So when it's your turn, you're gonna go up. You're gonna share your screen like they're doing, turn off your sound, coming out of your laptop and also keep yourself muted like they're doing. That's perfect.
Kevin Kaspar: Neil wants to announce one thing about Bob. Mess's session next week. Yeah. So Jake and I had a conversation with Bob this morning in the car on the way here, and Bob.
Kevin Kaspar: we'll be here in person
Kevin Kaspar: next week, so whoever's here get to meet the man himself in the flesh
Kevin Kaspar: next Thursday, if we're going to stream it. But it's not really going to be a participatory like Via Stream. We're just gonna listen in. If we're on the stream. So the stream you want to be bob and interact with Bob.
Kevin Kaspar: you gotta be here.
Kevin Kaspar: Got to be in person. That's next Thursday. You'll be right here, and the prerequisite for participating at all is that you've read the main site, says I think all of you have. If you have not.
Kevin Kaspar: you got a week?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, you have a weekend a day, so do it. The way that'll work is we're gonna Pre. Choose a few volunteers that we're gonna start with. And then, you guys will get to be examples for Bob to kind of tear apart your why, before the why. And then, if there's time, anyone who we didn't choose as a volunteer can also volunteer
Kevin Kaspar: but it's usually we only get through like 4 or 5, and it's usually relevant relevant for everybody to extrapolate to their own business. So he just uses people as an example. But the exercise itself is the same for you guys, even if you're not directly talking to Bob
Kevin Kaspar: Cool, and then also come with questions he wants, like Q&A. So if you have questions about things that are in the book, like, that's also something we'll have time for at that.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: if able. Come like if it if if the cost is the price of gas
Kevin Kaspar: I don't miss it. The the man thinks different.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like it. It's an incredible energy to be around. So I really really would highly recommend not missing out on that.
Kevin Kaspar: You're talking about somebody that's been involved with more than he will even let you know it will like come out
Kevin Kaspar: literally 3,000 products and like, in ways that you just wouldn't even imagine. And he won't tell you because he's extremely humble. But if you can see those Custom Air Force ones, I would check him out
Kevin Kaspar: cool. Okay. So the way this is gonna work they're gonna speak. It's a hard cut off, even if you're mid sentence, because I want to make sure that we have time for feedback, which is what's the most valuable to you guys. So every single person, when you hear the timer, I'm just gonna have you stop so May. It's up to you to make sure you get through your slides
Kevin Kaspar: time since. So this is something we're gonna incorporate and talk about later. But like just to be clear, I think
Kevin Kaspar: there's a good number of people in this room that need to work on their awareness of time.
Kevin Kaspar: So if you have 4 min.
Kevin Kaspar: that means you have 4 min. That means you have to stop at 4 min.
Kevin Kaspar: So you don't see the ramble or go over and hope that things are okay enough like you have 4 min. So no, that's the that's yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: And then kind of intelligence
Kevin Kaspar: what you think about it like you're presenting to to tell you when it's halfway? Or do you want to know as a founder whether it's 10 min?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I always see it on Zoom. I like that. Yeah, time is up to you guys, I think that's what Neil's trying to say. It's clear that that's a soft skill that needs to be worked on in this group
Kevin Kaspar: like, it's not up to the listeners to keep your time. I think we had some issues with that at Google.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: the floor is yours.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, time is starting. Hi, so we're excited to share with you our jobs to be done process. So far, I think important for the room. We're gonna focus on jobs to be done, not the discovery calls, because that's really the purpose of this exercise.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm going to whiz through this next slide super quickly. If it's working for me, I'm going to keep tapping and hope. This is for the purpose of the room. I appreciate, Neil, Liliana. You've already seen this, so we'll rapid fire through. So we're all on the same page. When you 1st met us we were solving the problem that smbs like the time, tools, and resources super excited to join techstars dived into the process. What we found out very quickly is that our beachhead Etsy Sellers do not have
Kevin Kaspar: the willingness to pay so very sad built a product wouldn't work, move on with life. So where are we now moving to jobs to be done? You might remember that last time we spoke to you we were focusing on real estate. It was a bit of a toying cost. Will's background is commercial real estate. Mine is wealth management. So we started speaking to residential real estate people. And what we realized is, it's a very different language to commercial real estate
Kevin Kaspar: not right for us. So then we started to think, Well, what about if we have an unfair advantage and unique access to get customers really quickly?
Kevin Kaspar: So we started with wealth management for another time. I'll tell you more about the customer discovery with the with millennials. I don't think it's worth diving in that to today. For time purposes.
Kevin Kaspar: So this was our screening criteria. Specifically, we were looking for wealth managers and boutique private banks who, same screening criteria as we had for real estate, just to red jog everybody's memory. That was whether they had hired or changed their social media. Let's dive into the good stuff for time purposes. So we identified 3 clusters in total, one was around digital transformation and marketing automation. 2 was digital lead generation and client acquisition
Kevin Kaspar: and 3 was sales driven and business growth. We're going to tell you the highlights of the 3 of those now. I'll pass over to Will for that
Kevin Kaspar: alright. So starting with digital transformation and marketing automation, the key thing here is that there's a lot of archaic banks. So a lot of banks have been around for a really, really long time. There's all of this big rise of digital banks, and they are really, really scared that they're going to become obsolete pretty quickly.
Kevin Kaspar: You can see here. We're not gonna go into detail, but a lot of them are frustrated with processes. The speed in which they operate and also just the systems are not talking to each other between sales and marketing.
Kevin Kaspar: Terms of lead, gen and client acquisition. This is again another big pain point. The marketing departments have their own Kpis sales. Departments have theirs.
Kevin Kaspar: Both frustration. The sales guys are like, where are the the qualifications on our leads. The marketing guys are like, well, here they all are. We're giving them to you. So just figure it out. So again, I think the big takeaways. Between both of them are the regulatory and compliance issues. There's definitely some overlap there as well as in the 3rd bucket, which is more of a sales driven marketing and business growth. So
Kevin Kaspar: a lot of frustration again with it, departments and systems not linking up efficiencies and then just wanting to actually qualify those leads as well.
Kevin Kaspar: In terms of the game plan
Kevin Kaspar: I'll hand to dominate. Thanks. We've got us in 1 min. I think. What was really exciting about the 3 different clusters. When we think about the 1st one just quickly. Before I tell you the game plan, I think what was exciting here for us is that
Kevin Kaspar: these people here really wanted the systems to be faster and more creative. But we found that this could be a great opportunity for a little bit of digital transformation and consultancy where we have an unfair advantage.
Kevin Kaspar: These guys here hilarious. They were actually educating us on the Ubs marketing team that I built, which was really funny, couldn't say anything during the interview. And then here they thought it was a bit of a fuckwit. Sorry to swear. So what are we doing with this information? Well, we are going to apply a Wizard of Oz strategy. We're going to dive deeper into jobs we've done to explain the pain point in more detail. But really it's about working really closely with them. We have to thank Daniel for this so that we can
Kevin Kaspar: service them, get customers, but also, more importantly, improve our product and want to build. I'll stop there because we're at 4 min.
Kevin Kaspar: Thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright, just trying to be respectful of time. As expressed. These are in clusters.
Kevin Kaspar: So you really want to hinge it on a moment.
Kevin Kaspar: Not a group of people what you're looking for is a situational moment of purchase and an ability to express that who the people are is really important in that but like really understanding the timing when somebody is going through it. So, for example, like I'm gonna play on my own personal experience again with just to be respectful of time, like checking my monthly bill and deciding that I need a budget like being something that somebody is gonna go through who you already have done the research and
Kevin Kaspar: to you really want to speak to buyer understanding. So I would push you also. These aren't pain points which tend to be very vague and can end up being supply, side, oriented. But looking at subbing that language for struggling moments and progress
Kevin Kaspar: A to B to C, and like again with the clusters, you really, it's it's gonna speak to a moment of purchase as much as it will. The person who who's buying. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: that's really helpful feedback. And I think in fairness, something that we
Kevin Kaspar: is exciting because we deeply understand the industry, but also dangerous that we've relied too much on that that. Yeah, we know when they're gonna buy. We know what the pain points are. So we'll definitely take your feedback on board and synthesize again, and also bear that in mind for our next jobs to be done. It's really helpful.
Kevin Kaspar: for sure. Yeah, it's like, when I I mean you. You really have it on the board, right? So like it's like
Kevin Kaspar: when they're in those push situations.
Kevin Kaspar: they want to accomplish this thing, and then of really understanding those anxieties. But it becomes really, really hard to express tactically, if not hinged around an actual and concrete moment of
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: Cool, awesome. Oh, did anyone? Sorry I was trying to be respectful. Time?
Kevin Kaspar: Does anyone have a question? Yeah. Yeah. So a very pretty presentation. I I just want to ask
Kevin Kaspar: when you're talking to people who are in the b 2 b segment again. There are usually multiple people that are involved with the same decision making process. So are you. Are you right now talking to the customers, the the people that will pay the checks? And are you talking to the other people who are going to be the end users of the product that will use this today to day basis? And then, if you're selecting either one of them, how are you gonna solve for the other problem? Which is, if the person who's gonna use it doesn't like the product. It's probably won't go far.
Kevin Kaspar: And the reverse is very problematic. Because if the person who's going to pay the check doesn't like the product, then it's gonna go downhill right? Yeah, no, it's a great question. So, to begin with, we started with both like trying to explore where we felt the most energy again trying to remove my bias. And now what we've landed on is we're selling to my old role within the bank. So the person that writes the check, but also uses a tool as well. So the head of marketing or the Cmo.
Kevin Kaspar: And I'll just add, because Jake, you hit this earlier right in terms of the decision maker, and that's who you've got to go after for sales. So I think for us, for the bigger tickets. If we're talking like a hundred K check. Absolutely. But we're not. We're not ready there yet. So we're just going after the end user who has some discretion. And that's, I think, one of the mentors said to us, as long as they can tap the credit card. So under 10 K, and that's kind of gonna gonna be where we're we're targeting for the next few months
Kevin Kaspar: we are in Atlanta.
Kevin Kaspar: And
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, I think rapid fire in 30 seconds, like, you know, everyone in the room hopefully knows by now we're pretty early stage. So when it comes to our product rather than trying to get that perfect and work basically on a focus on a Wizard of Oz. To begin with. A mental gave us great advice. Try and get 6 to 10 clients which will do through through our network and in the background, I can be doing the work. But then we can also start to deeply understand what that next feature is. Does that help?
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: And I was a little bit unconventional compared to the rest of you, because we actually spoke to them last week. About this. So that's why they were able to speed. Run that. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: all right, I'm gonna randomly volunteer to people. Let's do tutor me next, you guys ready.
Kevin Kaspar: You can take a sec. Go plug in just join the zoom. Turn off your volume
Kevin Kaspar: for the machine.
Kevin Kaspar: What's happening?
Kevin Kaspar: I'm good
Kevin Kaspar: y for the Y
Kevin Kaspar: so our screen criteria improved and evolve over time. Thanks for the help on this. Originally it was any Ib student taking high doses, tutoring that uses a bunch of different treatment products.
Kevin Kaspar: We realized that, you know, firstly, education is really cultural at the region that, again, is actually very dependent on the way you study and the way you learn. So we decided to focus only on students living in Hong Kong or Singapore. We found that that's a relatively in the 1st year, and they have purchased a subscription specific based at tech product in the last 4 months.
Kevin Kaspar: That's in line with their school term, basically generally a school, and they just for 4 months of the year, and they participate under 3 h of private tutoring a month for us. That's a sweet spot. Usually our assumption is that anything over 3 h they won't have time to actually use any tutoring products to study. They're completely okay with the tutoring that they are going through
Kevin Kaspar: so screen criteria that purchase subscription based except for the last 4 months, and participate under 3 h.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright. So question number one my teachers, tutors recommended to me. This type of student generally trusted teachers and tutors the most when it comes to using new products. They really don't do a lot of research because it comes from teacher completely trusted. They commit to a learning curve of using this new product and make it a main part of their studying routine.
Kevin Kaspar: So for this specific number, we're gonna do
Kevin Kaspar: sorry. Let me backtrack a little bit. I've only done 3 Jtv. Interviews. So some of these insights are driven by one or 2, maybe weeks. But this specific student has through 3 to 4 h of tutoring. She's extremely close with her tutor, and has worked with her over a 2 year process, which is going to be a pretty common theme thing across a bunch of different Ib students.
Kevin Kaspar: They really anchor off of a lot of these recommendations from previous cohorts experience so previous tutors, students that went out to the college that she wants to get
Kevin Kaspar: this idea eventually selling to tutors as a mini Lms or some kind of service to track their students performance over a long period of time.
Kevin Kaspar: This we can make a free product, that features and have them recommend it to their to their their students.
Kevin Kaspar: So my friends recommend for me. There's a very clear distinction between friends recommending it and a cheer recommending
Kevin Kaspar: these users try a lot of different products, but for a short period of time. They put some weight into their friends recommendations and they will at least try these products products recommended to them at least once. If it's from multiple.
Kevin Kaspar: They're constantly looking for new ways to optimize their routine, and they will probably make a decision within the 1st user experience.
Kevin Kaspar: The more people recommend this product, the sooner they will you try it the sooner they will, and they will also. It's also compounded by seeing it on social. So Instagram Tiktok wechat, but generally they're very influenced by platforms or brands.
Kevin Kaspar: Probably some of you are missing out curiosity here, but I want to dive deeper with that as a group with everybody. I can save that for questions later. Next slide.
Kevin Kaspar: And then finally, I freak out because I've been procrastinating and try anything. This was honestly a really surprising insight from
Kevin Kaspar: students in the sense that yeah, obviously, students are stressed. They're worried. But you didn't expect that students to make an account on any kind of Ed tech products to try new products. Usually too many things going on with their lives. They're always competing with different deadlines and assignments, and most likely they feel that they're not doing as well as their students or their.
Kevin Kaspar: It's 4 min on right there. Thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: So you've only done 3 interviews. Only done 3 yeah, with. So I'm wondering, like what the struggle was there. The 1st portion of trying to schedule was the scheduling issue, so we couldn't well, scheduling because we're just on the raw students. That was the whole regular message that we had that took about 2 weeks. And then afterwards, there's the screening criteria that we're trying to refine, and then we have 2, 3 interviews where
Kevin Kaspar: it was just the wrong screen criteria. We had a bunch of interviews that became user research because we didn't get any answers that we actually needed. So then, we
Kevin Kaspar: or reword the screen criteria to fit something that actually answers what we're looking for, which is identifying.
Kevin Kaspar: Do you have a plan to get to 10 to 15 very quickly? Yes. Basically guerrilla marketing. We're just throwing out.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? Second thing, grilling, you guys, I'm curious. Why Nick is not the one presenting based on what Jake said this morning. Are you involved in the Jtvd process, or is Kevin taking this? So you did a great job, Kevin. I'm just grilling you guys because, like Jake said this morning, there's no reason why the CEO's hand should not be deep in this
Kevin Kaspar: totally fair, I just think, for, like our bandwidth purposes, we let Nick do the engineering. And then so for context, Nick's engineer on the business side, I like Nick engineering. It's a really bandwidth constraint. And I do the interviews. And then we talk together about the feedback that I get.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay. Yeah. So I'll focus on that. Kevin was doing. James. So what we talked about earlier was that
Kevin Kaspar: you can walk and chew gum at the same time. So I think I want to push you guys extremely hard that you got to get more serious about this if you want to benefit from what we're teaching in this program, because, like
Kevin Kaspar: threes. But at this point is
Kevin Kaspar: that that's not enough like, like, you guys can do way better. So I'm gonna push you hard, cause I haven't heard from you about. Oh, we're struggling to find people we need help to find them, or we're trying to unpack these insights.
Kevin Kaspar: Cool all that stuff so like
Kevin Kaspar: time to get serious, super serious, like. I hope you made it clear today how important this is for your business and you figuring things out because you'll ship monetization, and then you go. Oh, well, oh, now we're struggling with conversion. You said yesterday in the 12 by 12. 0, well, we just know how to market through Reddit. We need help from Agent Lunar. I'm like guys. You'll even know where they are.
Kevin Kaspar: So go back from there. I'll let you do the rest. But like I'm pushing. Sorry, Kurt. Yeah, I think so. I think
Kevin Kaspar: my biggest reservation, which is that like the scheduling, which is like I think I had to do. And I just wasn't doing it. So I didn't know how to like. You have to treat it like. It's a fundamentally important aspect of your business success. That is what it is. It's not a thing to do as homework for our program. It's a thing to do. So that you build a multi 1 million dollar company.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. So no, right? So just to be fair, it's all you bro alright. So we're calling out. But it's all
Kevin Kaspar: yes, we're like, severely time limited. So I'm also gonna be fairly blunt. But that sounds like bullshit. I
Kevin Kaspar: you can definitely talk to more people just like this is going to be the one closest to 1 1 thing. And again I went for the gaming guys and they're gonna be selling 5 figure contracts every time that they close. Somebody like
Kevin Kaspar: one is. You have 3 clusters, but you've spoken to 3 people. So they got significantly more vague as time went on. I can drill in on like questions that I would be curious about. But the reality is that you just have to do more, have more of these conversations, and it's also like
Kevin Kaspar: th. This is the business at this point. I don't really understand what else
Kevin Kaspar: you would do rather than figure out how to sell. If the question is.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't. I don't know if he just said that you guys spoke about Reddit
Kevin Kaspar: like it's like, if you're looking for other ways to reach people.
Kevin Kaspar: it's going to contain your answers in these stories you're talking about like the teacher story is that the 1st product that a teacher recommends? When does a teacher recommend it. What is the person going through that? This recommendation is the one that they take? It's like, it is incredibly non actionable to say, like, try after multiple friends recommend. It's like, who are the friends that ultimately end up making a difference, are they in my class? Are they like in other things. You may have some
Kevin Kaspar: punches. You really need these to be able to dial in your understanding. Right? The last. This is just a super soft example. So yeah, I I can hold the back that. And again, like we can double click on any of this. And I apologize for being blunt or like super time constrained. But it's like
Kevin Kaspar: you got. If you can't find 10 people who would purchase your or who have solved this problem in the past, I would also recommend, reframing to successful
Kevin Kaspar: user interviews of people who have gone through this and solved the problem successfully. But
Kevin Kaspar: excuse me for themselves at this point. But
Kevin Kaspar: right? Right? So you you need. But they actually had a really good screening criteria outside of that. It. It's like as long as it's people who have gone through this problem successfully like, find out who they are out there. Because, again, if you're not able to PIN down 10 or 15 people that are willing to pay for your product. I mean, I don't know what you guys are charging, but like
Kevin Kaspar: good luck. So when you say successful. You're saying something after our screening criteria like they.
Kevin Kaspar: if someone, you yeah, if someone uses your product, what is, what's the end goal, what what happens?
Kevin Kaspar: Get into a good school. That is a high school. That's great talk to people who used it, who used or bought
Kevin Kaspar: within that screening criteria who've gone to Harvard like it doesn't have to be that. But, like whatever a top, 20 university, whatever, you ultimately end up saying, as long as it's less than 3 K. Or whatever it is on tutor, less than 3 months on tutors, whatever that criteria was and paid for it
Kevin Kaspar: relatively recently, like connect back in, he's like jogging memories from like 2 years ago today. But
Kevin Kaspar: right.
Kevin Kaspar: let's see
Kevin Kaspar: you ready.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, starting the clock go.
Kevin Kaspar: So we've had some conversations before. Essentially we did. We redid all of our jobs to be done interviews
Kevin Kaspar: using response I/O. In the past month or so we did about 6 through them, and then we have 2 reach out, and then there's 2 more that's coming.
Kevin Kaspar: So this information you'll see here includes information from other candidates as well, but
Kevin Kaspar: eventually ended up talking to about 40 to 50 different people who might be potential users.
Kevin Kaspar: little bit about our product. So we've built the infrastructure, for the most part to actually deliver a service, some form of a insight to engineering managers.
Kevin Kaspar: But we did not know what necessarily what features were needed and what was was specifically to focus.
Kevin Kaspar: So we wanted to look into engineering managers who manage about 10 to 150 engineers. This could be anywhere from an engineering manager to CTO. We didn't want to go any higher than that. Also, it's very difficult to find someone who has more than 150 people.
Kevin Kaspar: The questions we asked are some standard questions like.
Kevin Kaspar: How do you decide who gets raises? How do you know? Get information about your team.
Kevin Kaspar: What do you do when your boss finance? Hr, somebody else
Kevin Kaspar: wants you to get specific about
Kevin Kaspar: your team and people working for you? How do you know, if your code is any good.
Kevin Kaspar: we've identified that there are 3 different profiles.
Kevin Kaspar: So the further up you go in the corporate ladder. They care less about a product, and they start caring more about people and performance and budget and justifying headcount. Whereas so that's those 2 profiles, 2 ends of that range, and then a 3rd profile, we've noticed, is probably very familiar to everyone in this room. A startup founder. They would care about both, they would often have smaller teams.
Kevin Kaspar: but likely more. But we haven't. Actually, I didn't meet any startup founder that has more than 150 engineers.
Kevin Kaspar: Surely that would be a different profile. We just couldn't reach out to them.
Kevin Kaspar: So this is Profile number one, the junior engineering manager.
Kevin Kaspar: What we've seen is, they have different concerns. They care about different things. And in their case it's mostly about product specific insights. So they care more about
Kevin Kaspar: what's going on with them.
Kevin Kaspar: What are some of the technical concerns?
Kevin Kaspar: the higher executive the sea levels Svps, they care more about justifying to budget just budget
Kevin Kaspar: embraces
Kevin Kaspar: and promoting people. They hear more about team performances, not just individuals.
Kevin Kaspar: And then we also have the startup founders, where the questions essentially cover everything that the other 2 profiles cover.
Kevin Kaspar: and they also go stuff like, is my code any good?
Kevin Kaspar: there's also something that's worth mentioning. The
Kevin Kaspar: the integration for a pro product requires somebody who has super admin level access, in other words, the the customer and the consumer
Kevin Kaspar: might not.
Kevin Kaspar: in the case of an engineering manager. They might actually have the budget to buy our product. But they still need approval from someone senior.
Kevin Kaspar: So that's why we decided that it would be a good idea for us to focus on senior engineering managers and potentially startup founders.
Kevin Kaspar: I think that's 4 min.
Kevin Kaspar: How closely did you all follow the process that we taught you
Kevin Kaspar: under the word profile, and that's not part of HD at all.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. So like, how much of the process that we taught. Did you all incorporate into this
Kevin Kaspar: into what you did with your interviews?
Kevin Kaspar: We?
Kevin Kaspar: Well, I guess not. Not much of the cost. Okay, that's that. I mean? That's that's it's it's evident to me. And and it's based on what you're presenting.
Kevin Kaspar: I'd be curious to review your materials, though, if you have a timeline of force and forces. If you did some clustering analysis, we'd be happy to help you actually extract the insights that would actually mean something. What it seems to me here is that you all have a lot of experience with this.
Kevin Kaspar: So you're taking lots of liberties because of your experience about what's going on, and what these profiles are, and you rightfully. So you have a successful business in it. So I want to give you credit for that, so I can't force feed you. What we're teaching. If you think that what you're doing is working that being said, you can't have it both ways. If you want to learn what we're talking about, to apply to your business, to be even more successful, because just so, you know.
Kevin Kaspar: there are plenty of major corporations that use the framework that we're teaching you that learn it
Kevin Kaspar: late in the game and then end up recovering. We've talked about Mcdonald's and sonos and apple and intercom. And there's all these other big tech companies that benefit from this framework and this methodology. But it appears to me that it wasn't taken as seriously in your process. That's just my observation.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: it clearly wasn't. I mean to get him to say the office. I I again I have very little insight on anything that you do outside of this. It sounds like you're currently operating another business. That sounds really great. But the road help is paved with the knowledge that you think you already know. I just like.
Kevin Kaspar: I think the
Kevin Kaspar: 2 things
Kevin Kaspar: techstars is extremely expensive. Capital! You've sold a lot of your business. To subscribe, like to essentially gain access to the these ways of thinking either far, far, cheaper ways to raise money than this. It's going to be frustrating in the moment it will pay dividends down the line. But then the other thing is like, Yeah, I I like again, not holding punches. It's clear that you guys haven't done anything related to this framework, and
Kevin Kaspar: that's fine. It's like saving in your 401 k. Like the best time to do. It was 6 weeks ago, the second best time to start doing. It is right now. And so it's
Kevin Kaspar: the screening criteria needs a purchasing moment. I have no idea when people are buying from you ideally. It also is a successful use case. So
Kevin Kaspar: you're talking about like talking to customers stop talking to customers, talk to people have solved the problem, figure out how well they did it, how they did it, where the gaps in coverage could have been sell to the next person. You don't need to sell to these 10 people. They will. They're escaped. They already have solved the problem. That's why, you're talking, not blindly blind.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, I mean, my, my whole thing is like, you must look at this deck and be like, I have no idea how this is gonna help us close sales. And it's because, like, you can't, this in my experience, having again been through program typically are like that that job should be done. It doesn't do anything for us. And it's like, Yeah, it's because you didn't do it. So I would. It's not gonna help you sell, because
Kevin Kaspar: it's
Kevin Kaspar: you didn't do it. But it would be the 1st thing where I'd start screening criteria in a purchase moment. Talk to people who have done it successfully and make it far more circumstantial in these individual. Get really deep with the language that people are using. Don't try to cluster while you're doing it.
Kevin Kaspar: and then when you come out at the end of patterns, will start to emerge, and you're going to start to feel the stories. There's no need to do it before it comes. It will come. It's just the way that it goes. It's weird. It is weird that in 10 people these things will merge, and it's not like those percentages will hold steady. But
Kevin Kaspar: it'll happen if you buy in. And I think it's worth probably worthwhile.
Kevin Kaspar: That's almost my time.
Kevin Kaspar: Nope, that's it.
Kevin Kaspar: And.
Kevin Kaspar: Dave, you're up next you can go ahead and put your screen on the zoom.
Kevin Kaspar: You're muted, Ed.
Dave Scott: Alright! Can everyone hear me?
Dave Scott: Can you all hear me?
Kevin Kaspar: Dave. 4 min on the clock. Go.
Dave Scott: Alright! Everyone can hear me.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, we can't hear Dave, Dave one second.
Dave Scott: We're trying to.
Kevin Kaspar: Get your audio
Kevin Kaspar: one second. Don't worry. I'll restart your timer.
Kevin Kaspar: Bye.
Kevin Kaspar: Do we need to go to someone else.
Dave Scott: Hello! Hello! Hello!
Kevin Kaspar: There we go!
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, go!
Dave Scott: All right.
Dave Scott: The why before the why ladies and gentlemen screening criteria, we focus primarily on purchasers of our core role book, who also backed at least 2 of our crowdfunding projects, and are currently playing an active campaign of everyday heroes. We we wanted that because we know that that's sort of the last mile is get them to use the product. We did 20 interviews averaging about an hour each and most of them were in the Us. Uk. And Australia.
Dave Scott: we had a real lot of really interesting insights. So the 1st thing that's important to note is all 20 of them have the exact same origin story.
Dave Scott: which was extremely strange. They all started between playing. Between 9 and 11 they found their friends through the hobby, and they used it to stay bonded with them, and everyone started with dungeons and dragons. I just wanted to give you this like little throwback. This is called the Red box. This is how I got started in D and D right here, baby and this right here is like one of the examples of the box set that people bought at 9 years old.
Dave Scott: And so that was a really interesting commonality. The second commonality that we saw was that everyone that successfully brought our game to the table. All were influencers within their communities, their small communities. So they typically consider themselves a subject matter, expert and tabletop role, playing games. They use their influence to get people to try new systems, and oftentimes they had to sell
Dave Scott: the game to their friends. Because because they were passionate about playing it.
Dave Scott: So the the quote here is, I tried to suggest new systems as a palate cleanser. Now we actually broke down to 3 clusters. The 1st cluster was, I want to recreate my favorite TV show. We had a lot of people who said, I really like this TV show, like the blacklist, was a perfect example. And they're like, you know, everyday heroes was the only system I could use to recreate. My favorite TV show
Dave Scott: cluster number 2 was, I finally remember, d. 20 modern. For those of you guys who don't recall our game is based on a game called D 20 modern that was created 20 years ago. There are still people who are fans of that system. And so when they knew that we were the spiritual success for that system. They got super excited, and they were looking for a replacement for it.
Dave Scott: And then the 3rd one is, I got my own ideas for a modern genre role playing game. And so we have a lot of people who just like love zombies or love.
Dave Scott: you know, post apocalyptic. But they just didn't have a rule set that supported their ideas. And so we came in, and that now they could fulfill their ideas. This right here whispers from the alley is actually a customer who created a system, created a an adventure based on our system and sells it today, on the open market. So this is a great example of someone who who created their own idea and turned it into a revenue generating opportunity.
Dave Scott: So substitute products. Basically, we're obviously d 20 modern, even though it's 20 years old. People still played that before they heard about us, some people actually tried to modify D and D, which sounds crazy to me to modern day. And then other people just tried other Rpg systems that were out there that weren't exactly built for what we do, but they just tried to sort of shoehorn it in
Dave Scott: in terms of online solutions, people use a multi combination of zoom call discord virtual tabletops, fillable Pdfs. Some people showed me really sophisticated spreadsheets. You name it. They tried it.
Dave Scott: So we actually have 3 interesting insights coming out of here. One is that we've got a lot of players who are home brewers. They want to create their own ideas. And so how can we encourage them?
Dave Scott: The other one is that that everyone played D and D, and it was easier to sell our product as a palate cleanser in between D and D campaigns. So there's an opportunity to package our product as a palate cleanser. And then the 3rd is, how do we enable that micro influencer, because for every one micro influencer we bring in. They recruit 5 more, so we win one. We get 6,
Dave Scott: and then I don't know if I have more time, but I've got.
Kevin Kaspar: We're gonna have to start.
Dave Scott: Instagram, as well.
Kevin Kaspar: Cool man, this, this is great. So we were. We spoke briefly yesterday, I think, like starting to drill into what the difference is when you talk about these micro influencers that are going out and buying the game, you're still talking about this activation gap.
Kevin Kaspar: And I think understanding and being able to build contrast as a next step into when somebody is activating and when they aren't, why are they not able to bring their friends over from Dnd. What are the warning signs of d and d fatigue like? When do people start to exhibit that type of
Kevin Kaspar: those those symptoms? And then also, the 1st 2 clusters in particular seem very specific. So it's like one day, and you have more insight. So I'm just trying to like prompt a little bit, but it's like one day, I'm just kind of hanging out and I am playing D, and D, okay, I get tired of D and D, and then I'm on Peacock and watching the blacklist, and it's like, I wish I had d and d but blacklist like, I think, being able to bridge.
Kevin Kaspar: That gap for people like what the step is from
Kevin Kaspar: passively looking for something new versus that, like active moment of of seeking could be interesting to look into.
Dave Scott: Yeah, there's an interesting mindset shift. That sort of happens right here, which is like
Dave Scott: they they played D and D, but somewhere between the 1st time they played D and D, and the time they found our system they had a longing to try something other than D and D, like they just they just didn't want to always play fantasy. And that and that moment is when they started to look for alternative products.
Kevin Kaspar: I would like to investigate. What? What are the critical moments when people start to get tired? It's great. This is like what we used to do, too. It's a correction. We used to get everyone's origin story where it's like, I need to know what your relationship is with your dad and mom. But like once you, you kind of have that down. Now, starting to figure out what is going on that starts to fatigue
Kevin Kaspar: somebody. What are these things that people are going to experience that are going to lead them away from D and D, because, ideally, you're going to start moving up the funnel to the point where you're actually anticipating that you're basically in
Kevin Kaspar: that person when they're experiencing it and telling them exactly what they're going through.
Dave Scott: Yeah, one of the most beautiful moments that we found through the jobs to be done is that no matter even if they're the most Diehard D. And D. Player. There's a fatigue that always sets in so like
Dave Scott: D and D campaigns can last years.
Dave Scott: and so like after your second or 3rd year. You're like
Dave Scott: I love it. But like I'm so tired and primarily the game.
Kevin Kaspar: That's fine, but it doesn't. It doesn't matter, because those aren't the people that are buying like not everybody who plays D and D. They might get fatigued, but they just might churn, they might do some of those alternatives. So again, starting to drill into what is different about the person that's pursuing black these 3 other types of games that you offer, because the other kind of dangerous thing I understand you already have a successful business, which is
Kevin Kaspar: a helpful jumping off point, but it's very supply oriented. It's like we knew that. Or they found our solution when or they they sought the Black TV show game when they found our blacklist TV show game and so like a little bit distracting.
Dave Scott: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: So just to follow up on this a little bit, Dave, what are the search queries?
Kevin Kaspar: Where are they going.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So what we found is the majority of them. They went. They started either. On this primarily started social media. They heard about our game through some sort of Facebook conversation, either that they were in like A. D 20 modern Facebook group, or they were in a a modern 1st day or or a not A. D. And D Facebook group. And then people were talking about it, or they went to a convention, and they saw our game, and they're like, you know, what? Let me give this a shot, because I I think it's kind of cool.
Kevin Kaspar: It sounds like word of mouth that's hard to replicate.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, one.
Kevin Kaspar: where is that?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, yeah, we'll get there. We'll get there. Good job day. Bill, this is really impressive. You did a good job.
Dave Scott: Thanks.
Kevin Kaspar: Thanks for tuning in, Dave. Good luck at graduation tomorrow. Okay, Opal.
Kevin Kaspar: so go ahead and join the zoom, one
Kevin Kaspar: porting in progress.
Kevin Kaspar: Let's see.
Kevin Kaspar: and you might have to turn on the mic just as a headset.
Kevin Kaspar: This is
Kevin Kaspar: so. This is my.
Kevin Kaspar: this is my screening criteria. We were looking for companies like executives at biotech pharma, or supplement companies that were making a product in women's reproductive health and that had hired a contract research organization. You'll hear that a lot in this presentation a cro. That they hired to run experimental validation for their product in the past year.
Kevin Kaspar: Alternatively, they couldn't find one. They did the the lab work internally.
Kevin Kaspar: We did 14 interviews, and they kind of fell into these categories. I'll talk more about them in the other slides, but it's biotech wellness and menstrual products.
Kevin Kaspar: 1st cluster. I like the quote. People don't think I'm shady. They were looking for, especially in biotech like to make sure when they went to an investor they had that seal of an approval from a Cro that was well known, right? That brand recognition of the Cro name was super important to them.
Kevin Kaspar: Number 2 was a bigger culture. None of it could be outsourced. No one would work with menstrual blood. And so I chose this quote specifically because of it. It fell across all different categories that these people were developing in femtech or women's health, but they couldn't find anyone to work with in like on their specific project. Some were doing menstrual blood, some were doing menstrual products, some were doing therapeutics, but they just.
Kevin Kaspar: And they actually do exist. I know I found some cros that do do this. But the these people couldn't find them. They just they weren't advertised to. They. They can be marketed to
Kevin Kaspar: and so I thought that was a really interesting insight into all 3 of the categories.
Kevin Kaspar: A lot of these, these groups actually went into the lab work themselves. And if you know, spinning up a lab internally is very expensive. So they actually made the decision instead of trying to outsource.
Kevin Kaspar: Do you know a good model for endometriosis? I actually got that question in an interview. I wasn't trying to pitch my product. They were trying to get information from me right now. It's a huge issue with the FDA. All 3 categories had issues with the FDA. They were confused. They had issues with the regulation. They didn't know if their product would get released.
Kevin Kaspar: So it's a big pain point for a lot of these companies and women's health, also because it's kind of new right? A lot of development in the space happened the last 5 years. The FDA is kind of spinning its head a bit, and they're not sure what to do. But it's a big pain point for many of these companies.
Kevin Kaspar: And then, finally, this was more in the wellness and menstrual products sector. They want convenience and validation for their customers. So, even though they may not need exactly FDA approval, they still want some scientific validation. Customers still come to them on comments and be like, Hey, did you test this at all? They want to make sure the supplement they're getting actually was tested somewhere on something, and sometimes they have an answer for the customer. Sometimes they don't.
Kevin Kaspar: So these are the key insights. We're moving forward with that data, the big change we're going to do is start offering a scientific service specifically to the Wellness group. This was not a category. I had really kind of thought of going down. I was like, well, they don't need FDA approval or anything like that. Why would they need to work with us?
Kevin Kaspar: And I actually found that they want someone to come talk to them. They actually get really very little marketing gear to them about scientific services. And they want to showcase that their supplement wellness product. What have you actually is validated? And so I can't say that like tea, tree oil will solve fertility issues. But I can offer them some pretty quick. Do no harm. Kind of scientific services, right? These will be very quick, cheaper assays when I'm running now. They'd have like a week turnaround
Kevin Kaspar: time pretty low. So that's something we'll be trying out in the next month. We're now going to have 2 marketing tactics, so I can go after the biotech right? They want Dr. Stanton in the lab coat, giving those scientific services. But the people that the more kind of natural holistic side they want
Kevin Kaspar: Morgan, mother eater of Granola sort of person. So this will be something to go talk with them will be a little bit different. And the big takeaway is, it's a really new space, right? I wish I could say all these companies have the exact same needs, but they don't. So I want to do jobs to be done for research planning right? I want to talk with them, understand their problem and see how we can tailor the research to them. I'm going to stop there.
Kevin Kaspar: How many total did you do you said 13. I did. 1414 was another. I toss it. That's good. It's good to toss. I saw. Some of them have to tell us if this is okay. They overlapped in the clusters
Kevin Kaspar: like Number 12 is in 2 clusters.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, okay. Oh, oh, yeah, even if there is
Kevin Kaspar: okay, I just called big, higher, little higher. So like, where's the most energy? And so like, that'll just help you understand which one actually has the most energy, because if you have one that has 5, but they're actually listed in somewhere else. And those are just little highers. Then it's actually not the best cluster, you know. Okay, I was just saying that
Kevin Kaspar: I would. I would hinge this next set of interviews. But just interviews in general again, on purchasing moments. Which is something that feels like it's kind of falling
Kevin Kaspar: out the window, right? Because you really, what you need to understand is how to close the sale, and it seems like you have really nice next next steps around it. But, like what are the moments and what are the risks you talk about? Research planning, for example, in in like biotech, just to clarify? Yeah, I mean, that's like, so, okay, what do we need to
Kevin Kaspar: de-risk, be it like medical needs, safety trans translation like, how do you? How are you going to? What do you need to provide to them such that they're like opal is exactly who I should be working with. Which, of course, I would assume is very different standards than wellness, like, yeah, I mean, biotech. It literally is going to be the only person in this entire room who has to figure out fundraising as a jobs. Question.
Kevin Kaspar: Cause you don't see return on investment until phase 3 like. So it's just like different
Kevin Kaspar: with, I thought that it's like a really interesting approach, though those those quick hits with wellness I would make sure again like.
Kevin Kaspar: don't distract yourself so like if the ultimate goal is the research planning your company is a bit different than the way that these other ones line up in that it actually, you actually aren't pitching for funding in a way that nobody else is like just to be as clear as possible. And so that might be
Kevin Kaspar: something different. But if this is enough, like to keep, turn something on to keep the lights on. That keeps the branding at least consistent enough, because the information you're translating like no, I guess like you could call medical need like cam, but like, you know, like translation, tea, tree oil, no one really needs that in wellness.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. So I is, that is that kind of helpful. I think that, like
Kevin Kaspar: the hinging on those moments is going to be really, really, because nobody wants that 1st cluster was I? I don't know if I read it wrong, but it's essentially I don't want to lose my job, which is like critical for b 2 b sales like, I want to know that if I buy your thing you will not be responsible for getting me fired. But you need then, the actual moment within that like, let's zoom in and like, feel like.
Kevin Kaspar: okay, that's a pretty big anxiety that you have to.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay. Great other than hinging it on a purchasing moment in the future I felt this was really good. I really like your insights. I like how actionable it is you've clearly thought it through. I would just say like, remember what I put on the board. I put it on there for everyone. That's what I taught in Jtpd. Part 4. How are you picking what cluster to go after number one is customer energy. That's there. Then it's okay. Well, maybe there's a lot of energy. I can't actually do it for like another year. So it's not very
Kevin Kaspar: helpful. And then there's team passion. If you're like, really not interested in one cluster, you shouldn't do it. But I would say for you. You can clearly go off customer energy, like, Jake was saying, like Number One, that's a huge bit of energy, and it's a huge push. Right? If you're going to lose your job.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright, but that's a wrap, Morgan. Really good, really, really good.
Kevin Kaspar: What?
Kevin Kaspar: 4 min and 5
Kevin Kaspar: right? So our screening criteria was kind of convoluted when we started off. The idea is, we were looking for healthcare decision makers that have purchased
Kevin Kaspar: an Ehr connectivity, Saas offering or offshore the development for such a connection.
Kevin Kaspar: So the 1st thing that we encountered was like when telehealth providers that were doing something similar to digitize the practice. And then we realized it did not have good digitization solution.
Kevin Kaspar: We had a very good code that came out like they want a 1 stop shop, and then one which was literally telling us they want something custom. But then they went after an Ehr. Company that's been in the business for around 20 years.
Kevin Kaspar: So the aggregation that we came up with was that they want something configurable. But reliability is also at the core of what they want to achieve.
Kevin Kaspar: The next cluster was like the people that were doing operations for such practices.
Kevin Kaspar: So what they want is just convenience, and one of the key thoughts, and I love this is that
Kevin Kaspar: I'm 62 years old, and from a pure, selfish standpoints I want to retire and exit this company
Kevin Kaspar: within 4 years. So it's like very competing energies in that sense, because, like what we also encountered was somebody who's just starting off operations for another telehealth business, and for them.
Kevin Kaspar: although the criteria was the same that they want convenience and needs. They are slightly more motivated towards building the business. But the key energy that we thought that we tap into was with respect to like lowering of stress. And we just want an easier way to be able to operate that telehealth business.
Kevin Kaspar: The 3rd one is a a tag, it as a work in progress, because we're missing a couple of other clients that we are actively working on, but I don't have an interview with them. And for them it's more about being able to drive
Kevin Kaspar: better satisfaction for their end customers. They want to have better traction, although we are talking about efficiency a lot in the ecosystem. But more, it's for them. It's more about like retaining the customer. So
Kevin Kaspar: like they rightly said, like for us, it's stickiness, like as a Cdo as a technical people, we understand. Efficiency is poor, but that's not what's going to close the sale for me.
Kevin Kaspar: We have mentioned the forces. I'll gloss over them right now, because I want to focus on this thing which, like the job, should be done. Framework helped us achieve. We totally abandoned one vertical, which is what I founded the company on, like the entire thesis was that medical device. Companies want an easier time to go to market, and we wanted to be the people that did that for them.
Kevin Kaspar: I just couldn't put my finger on like, why was it something that like, I don't want to go after fully, but after doing the jobs to be done exercise sort of realized
Kevin Kaspar: that it's sort of uncanny the way medical device 2 and medical device 3. Talk about what they want from the job. And the reason is very simple. The 3rd one is founded by the co-founders from a last company, and the second one is people that are using our medical device
Kevin Kaspar: to file their Fd application as a predicate medical device. So that tells me that I wouldn't be able to close sales for anybody other than the people that fit this very narrow profile, and that's where I had to ask myself a very tough question whether this was something that I can scale. And the answer was not. There's not enough medical devices out there that want a product in this. In this capacity.
Kevin Kaspar: So
Kevin Kaspar: top action items that we had to eliminate an entire business, vertical because of like a bias validation that we were feeling the other side is to go after a very narrow screening criteria for cluster one and 2, which is with respect to telehealth businesses, because so far, our clustering criteria, our our filtration criteria, was geared towards companies that want to work with Hr companies.
Kevin Kaspar: So that fell within cluster 3. But cluster one and 2 needs a separate jobs to be done exercise by itself.
Kevin Kaspar: And yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: get us across.
Kevin Kaspar: It is Baller
Kevin Kaspar: this, this is this is really tight. So like, I think that to one call out the humility required to abandon the principle that you thought you were founding
Kevin Kaspar: building the company that you want to build. You're building the company that actually has traction in market
Kevin Kaspar: really, really hard to do.
Kevin Kaspar: I want a breadcrumb a little bit to flash back to cluster 2 cluster. 3. What's cluster? One, actually.
Kevin Kaspar: okay, yeah. So even like, go to go to 3. And then we're gonna go. We're gonna go backwards.
Kevin Kaspar: you. There's we drill down on all this, and you have some of the quotes, and you have some guidance here.
Kevin Kaspar: but you're using. You're using comparative language. So
Kevin Kaspar: got it.
Kevin Kaspar: and
Kevin Kaspar: better track. I want better traction like I want convenience. But what you really want to get into is, I want more traction than something, and to put a certain degree, magnitude, scale on that a certain framing towards that more convenient than what is like. Kind of the the thing to drill into. Now again, you have like that is
Kevin Kaspar: goal, like having a landing page for certain people that's going to correspond to retirement like, who would have thought? And that's like that might not end up being. That might be a little bit too specific to that one journey. But you'll see these things, and you can actually experiment with them and see if they get traction. Start dumping one versus the other. I would say,
Kevin Kaspar: drill down to the degree that you can on comparative language, though, because you have that level 2 like, we'll go till you hit bedrock, which is.
Kevin Kaspar: what are what is convenience actually mean within this context of business, particularly when they're making a purchasing decision.
Kevin Kaspar: So like, just want to applaud that, because generally we haven't closed these, they're not converting their pilot.
Kevin Kaspar: So we just like stuck with that.
Kevin Kaspar: Well, so this is this is actually, really it maps to
Kevin Kaspar: the question that you asked earlier today
Kevin Kaspar: about how do I actually gain more insight because there's clearly more layers, emotionally and causally from the people I've been talking to, that I haven't been able to get to.
Kevin Kaspar: And what you're saying, as the top level insights here with better traction and convenience, map to you, not unpacking deeply enough
Kevin Kaspar: of what's going on to be able to say that.
Kevin Kaspar: Do you understand? I mean with this I have, like, like the the transcript, talks to it like what I was
Kevin Kaspar: adding towards during the question that I asked was more to do with the doctor here.
Kevin Kaspar: That's like telling me repeatedly that they want something custom.
Kevin Kaspar: but at the same time, what they have done is something totally counterintuitive to what they're telling me. Now it's about me like that, was my question. Like, is it okay for me to assume that whatever they're telling me is wrong, there's no assumption to make. There, go ahead, Jake, they say, bitching and switching like what he's telling you is not what he's doing.
Kevin Kaspar: and it's on him to think whatever he wants to do. But at the end of the day you're you're conducting these conversations effectively enough that you're actually tracking the underlying action. And you're you're doing that by hinging on purchasing moments. It's like, I want custom. Custom. Then why are you continuously buying? Or why have you bought and relied upon the most generic software out there? It's because that's not actually the language
Kevin Kaspar: you can kind of like play around with it and and figure out how to drill deeper. Well, like he doesn't need to realize this, you know, but
Kevin Kaspar: good
Kevin Kaspar: products right
Kevin Kaspar: through the meeting.
Kevin Kaspar: See?
Kevin Kaspar: All right.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, yes. So Hello, we are reliable. I'm Annie. This is Duncan. I will say that one thing I was very excited about is our in our jobs to be done. Interview is the word reliable came up a lot. So I think we're on to something there. So our screening criteria. So this is a screen criteria we are on now, and we're we're pretty happy with
Kevin Kaspar: So the senior decision makers at consumer tech companies who have hired or developed solutions for data, annotation or content recommendations in the past 6 months. One caveat is that we mainly are focusing on seed and series C. Because we feel like this is our go to market. So oh, and that's another just point of context is that the purpose of our go to Jtbd. Was to discover what our beachhead
Kevin Kaspar: go to market. Strategy was, but that being said, we've been approached by some fortune. 500 companies that we got an opportunity to talk with, and there's some patterns emerging there that that could be an opportunity as well. So we brought those into our study.
Kevin Kaspar: So when I 1st gave our Jtbd presentation. We were focusing on demographic data for the venture capital market, and we actually did 4 interviews in that space and found there was very, very little energy around what we were doing. There was energy around finding reliable data for their portfolio, but that wasn't quite where we were at
Kevin Kaspar: we?
Kevin Kaspar: So yeah. So then we moved on to the screen criteria. We have now
Kevin Kaspar: cool. So we've done that this point about 4 or exactly 4 jobs you've done interviews. We're still looking for more help on these. So we're putting up feelers, please. If you know anyone who fits our criteria would love to connect. We have 3 clusters. We identified the 1st from this quote, so content, recommendation, accuracy is key to my company's success. This is kind of something we expected.
Kevin Kaspar: But the general idea here is that, you know, if I run an online platform like Linkedin, a social media site, my bottom line is tied to how well I can recommend content. So we kind of expected it. But it's really good to hear
Kevin Kaspar: next
Kevin Kaspar: second one when it comes to data annotation tagging. We heard that tagging is very difficult and it's costly. And you have to
Kevin Kaspar: get the right context to label the label your data properly. And so one good example we got from this is, one of our interviewees was using Amazon mechanical Turk to label data, and they found that the quality was
Kevin Kaspar: not high enough for them to use to make good recommendations. So this is kind of a I guess, a push away from the standard technology. 3, rd I want my data labels to reflect my users interests. But at the same time I don't want to burden my users.
Kevin Kaspar: So this is a kind of anxiety that we heard expressed specifically from a person from Linkedin was saying. We we want to understand what my users interests are, and kind of about their persona, but we don't want to ask them to tag themselves every day, because that's burdensome, and they won't do it
Kevin Kaspar: right
Kevin Kaspar: and just last thing. So the key success of this is that we landed our 1st paying customer today for a content.
Kevin Kaspar: And so this is clearly working and then also serving as a supplement to AI teams and innovative Ux and
Kevin Kaspar: focusing on inference model development.
Kevin Kaspar: And we still have more interviews to go.
Kevin Kaspar: Good job
Kevin Kaspar: congrats on the congrats on the sale. It's
Kevin Kaspar: that's awesome.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm gonna push you guys to go way deeper. So I I think again hinging on successful outcomes. Do not confuse the sales process with your with your research process. I would say to the degree possible.
Kevin Kaspar: talk to people who have solved this problem
Kevin Kaspar: adequately or or solve to fire, I think, actually work for you guys. There's the the tagging issue, like where these major fail points are. But the screening criteria is a sales like you, you basically just put who you're gonna sell to. That's not what a screening criteria is.
Kevin Kaspar: And so the it's sales criteria. It's useful that you have this statement. But it is not for this exercise.
Kevin Kaspar: you'd need. Yeah, 4 interviews isn't going to be enough to get noise. Cluster one wasn't a struggling moment. Cluster 2.
Kevin Kaspar: I I the question I would have is like, what causes that change
Kevin Kaspar: to to
Kevin Kaspar: is this one cluster, too? Yeah. And kinda yeah, what what actually like causes that person to quit using the mechanical Turk, or like what are the what's the breaking point
Kevin Kaspar: is essentially like where my curiosity goes, because there are days that they're using the mechanical Turk. There will come a time that they stop using it. And something has to. There's going to be a causal.
Kevin Kaspar: They had a bunch of Taylor swift posts, and they were all just labeled Woman. And so that's when they decided to quit
Kevin Kaspar: right? And it's like what you know. The answer to this, I just want to be sensitive time, and we can talk about this like outside of this as well. But what? So what is kind of you? You understand this more than I do. I don't feedback you're getting is that there wasn't. There is not a good alternative like the existing commercial solutions
Kevin Kaspar: can't do what they want it to do, which is great. But yeah, so they're they're they're tolerating it so like it is, it was so bad that we had to
Kevin Kaspar: build something in house or like something that's just heinous, and people should not be spending the engineering resources to do. It's not that deep and so the cluster 3, you use the word burden this is gonna be the same thing. It's like a problem layer. And you're really trying to drill down to bedrock. It's like, I don't want to be a what does it mean to be a burden to my user, more burdensome than what they still have to engage with your platform. Is that what a burden is? And if not, what is the difference? And why?
Kevin Kaspar: So we gotta take it back to energy. Right? So you know, it's a problem, and you care.
Kevin Kaspar: Most of them don't. So you have to find the ones that do and figure out like what they're willing to do about it, or what they've done about it. And you unpack it from there.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. And the thing where you're building something that has real, positive, societal impact. If what you're doing works, you're impacting people's lives. Positively, that's an amazing thing. We talk about that love love of empowering these employees that you're working with love of product, which is your mission and what you guys are doing. But this is separate at the end of the day. It doesn't matter. It's actually what what is the customer need, and being able to entirely divorce yourself
Kevin Kaspar: from what you're bringing and why it matters to the point where you're able to expose yourself to like okay, when and you know how, for the people that really really are going to pay to see the change. But yeah, it's awesome and not to overshadow the fact that you guys are closing sales. So that's awesome.
Kevin Kaspar: Hey, Josh.
Kevin Kaspar: join the zoom
Kevin Kaspar: set set up
Kevin Kaspar: out of them.
Kevin Kaspar: Perfect.
Kevin Kaspar: The should look
Kevin Kaspar: quite initially.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, I got it.
Kevin Kaspar: because
Kevin Kaspar: in a moment, Hello, Hi, okay. So
Kevin Kaspar: you can say, all right. So some prior knowledge. Before we go into this we are to date 3 jobs to be done, interviews done. And as a team, one of our weakest suits even coming. If, even before coming to this program was finding people and being able to talk to them, we are really good engineers. But we're really bad salespeople, and we
Kevin Kaspar: somehow, in our selected field of choice, can't reach the people that we that we're trying to reach and hearing the jobs to be done, and then reading the demand side sales as a team was a bit of a rough bullet to take, because we figured out that we would have to change everything in terms of how you reached out to people.
Kevin Kaspar: So we only knew that what we were trying to solve was in the community side. And then we started by selecting a screening criteria based on that. We want to speak with product managers from live service game studios who've hired a community manager within the last 6 months.
Kevin Kaspar: Spoilers alert. This is very narrow, and this has been a big hindrance throughout the way that we're doing. Yeah. So
Kevin Kaspar: so we were able to talk with 2 people. One of those guys came through cold outreach, and the other person came through an introduction that gave us an introduction, and the commonalities are both our product managers within these gaming companies, so that part fits. And
Kevin Kaspar: the problem is they don't have any hiring power. So they have 0 purchasing power. But yet we decided to continue on with these people and the way that they've they've explained their purchases. They're purchasing their own time, and they're purchasing the time of the people that work for them. Can you go back? They're purchasing people's time that they're working for them.
Kevin Kaspar: They were driven to doing this purchase, or telling someone to do a purchase for them by different moments. One was a negative experience, the other was a positive experience. But they were putting their time and reputation online.
Kevin Kaspar: And then we have 3 main avenues of insights that we've driven. The 1st one is targeting.
Kevin Kaspar: Our screening. Criteria was very narrow, and they didn't fit our screening criteria, but proceeding with them anyways gave us really important information, and then the reflection is that we have to change the screening criteria so that we are reaching people who are aligned with our value, position, and we need to hone into people that have a need for prediction towards future needs rather than these specific, narrow community managers. Thing.
Kevin Kaspar: The other thing is champions. These people will actually help us when we're doing sales. So these people will be our champions within these, within these big structures. And if we'd like to adopt champions of these roles we need to prioritize reducing the time they spend, and then whatever we give to them will be used to cut through bias, because both of their decision. Moments
Kevin Kaspar: was a moment of. They were in a meeting. They had to explain a decision about the product to a group of different roles, and everyone was coming up with their own subjective ideas. And coming to my next point.
Kevin Kaspar: the plague, the plague, is within the gaming companies themselves. People are hired, apparently based on if they had played this game or not, and because they have really strong opinions about the games that they're building, they're completely ignoring the objective truths about the data. And they're relying on their subjective ideas.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, so these are the big things that we've learned. I will skip over this because we have a lot more to do in terms of doing jobs to be done. But I'd like to show you in the last slide how we're gonna get to get to from 3 jobs to be done done to a point where we have
Kevin Kaspar: 2 screening criterias, and we're done with both of those. So we're going to go back to drawing boards we've modified so that we're reaching the customers now on the product side. And we're also going to be talking to game publishing firms, because we found out they that they really need to be able to talk to their. They really need to analyze the market that they're playing in. And if you go to the last slide.
Kevin Kaspar: this is what we've built. Basically, this is a way for us. This is basically going to help us get to 2 screening criterias full of jobs to be done, and we will be continuing doing jobs to be done after the program continues to be as a sales funnel.
Kevin Kaspar: we. We've had the chance to talk a bunch today. So I I you know, I I think you're aware of where you're at
Kevin Kaspar: I would
Kevin Kaspar: light a fire under this. I do not think that it should be lasting until after the program is over.
Kevin Kaspar: you I I again, this is with the information I have presently available to me. You guys desperately need to figure out who your customer is and where they live.
Kevin Kaspar: Oftentimes it feels incumbent on you to do all of this on your own. You just spent the past 2 weeks talking to experts. If you talk to someone in marketing who happen to ring a bell, talk to them about how to or sales. Excuse me, talk to them about how to find and connect with these people because you need to start having conversations that are actually going to be tactically useful. You will, if you
Kevin Kaspar: I mean, listen. If I was a betting man, which I will be in an hour and a half. I would say that you are going to talk to these people. You will build with their concerns in mind. You will ultimately ship with their concerns in mind, and you will be very frustrated when no traction comes, and it's because you're building for people who have demonstrated that they are unwilling to pay for what you're building.
Kevin Kaspar: It's they have concerns. They're they're bitching and switching. They're they're allowed to talk.
Kevin Kaspar: but they have switched like, maybe maybe I didn't present it clear enough. But yeah, yeah, that's how. Yeah. But these people have asked their superiors to
Kevin Kaspar: go for another solution instead of the solution that they're currently. And so this was that, and that drove you to talk to the superiors exactly exactly great. So then start getting in contact with superiors. However, you need to. It's 1 of those things where like it may take some boots on the ground. I know there are a ton of these types of conferences. I don't know how many of these people exist. I don't know enough about the gaming industry. But the reality is like
Kevin Kaspar: again, if there are not 10 people who have ever made a purchase similar to this out there.
Kevin Kaspar: where's the business? There are like, we've we've filtered over the people that would fit the criteria of being the economic decision maker. Yeah. But getting to them requires warm introduction after warm introduction. And this is that's why I've shown the last slide. The system that we've built over there is hopefully going to get us to talk about
Kevin Kaspar: gamifying this process for you. I think that you should assign point totals for moving along this con this Kanban, and set a goal for how many points you want to score per week
Kevin Kaspar: to make sure that this is moving as efficiently as possible. Because you really, really, I mean, it's like dragging the thing out for it's gonna do yourself.
Kevin Kaspar: I I just service. Now I understand that the hunt here is really really hard. I want to be sympathetic to that. But you gotta like we gotta get it going. Or else we're also like, we've been on that point since the beginning of this. And that's why we selected as one of our Kpis the amount of meetings that we're getting in this funnel. So we are actively keeping track of it. The fundamental point with the hunt, though, is that if it's hard to talk to them.
Kevin Kaspar: it's going to be even harder to sell very well.
Kevin Kaspar: literally. Don't even know what you do. Right? Like, you have this. And it's like, okay, well, we figure out who these people are.
Kevin Kaspar: We need to also start selling to other people, and we have no like, what are you gonna do? Turn around and sell to other people who you don't exist
Kevin Kaspar: like? What I would say is that if these people are a successful use case, it's very low consequence. You're not trying to sell to them. What you also are doing at the same time is working out a go to market funnel for the 1st 10 customers that you're going to close, and you're figuring out how to source those warm intros. And you're figuring out how to actually get in front of these people. And again, if it's just incompatible, if it's not going to be a realistic. Go to market. That's really good information to have aside.
Kevin Kaspar: That's fine, by the way, but just
Kevin Kaspar: okay, Hi, guys. So we did a total of 15 job speed on interviews. 1st 5 were actually with our old screening criteria. Then we switched over to a new one, and we did 10 with this one. And then we have a further 2 more that are scheduled.
Kevin Kaspar: So our learning objective is to identify the biggest drivers for short-term rental properties to automate their guest communications pre-arrival and during stay
Kevin Kaspar: and screening criteria is basically property management companies, individual hosts and family businesses that have implemented a guest, Chatbot
Kevin Kaspar: digital guidebook or smart smart tablets for guest communications at pre-arrival and during stay within the last year. And they've also utilized phone calls, emails and texts on a daily basis to respond to guest inquiries.
Kevin Kaspar: So our 1st cluster is, my team's expertise is being wasted. So these are actually property management companies whose leadership actually feels really frustrated because their employees time is wasted by
Kevin Kaspar: repetitive guest inquiries, and they would rather that their time was actually reallocated to more important tasks to progress the business. So these would be things such as expanding the portfolio as well as improving the standardization across the units they manage.
Kevin Kaspar: So the pushes that we've noticed is that they feel like their team is not properly utilized, and that they're neglecting more important tasks for their business.
Kevin Kaspar: and the pull is that they tend to have very tech, savvy leadership and wish to satisfy all stakeholders, including the owners as well as the guests.
Kevin Kaspar: Or I'll talk to the social a bit.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, a social motivation that's happening here is that they wish to be seen as being more supportive of the employees, well-being as well as professional development, and want to be perceived as super host, so that they can maintain the partnerships that they have with their current owners.
Kevin Kaspar: The second cluster that we have is that the Newbies are encroaching, and I don't want to
Kevin Kaspar: lose out to them. Exactly. So these are all individual hosts and family businesses. And basically, what's happening is that they're tired of their old fashioned clunky methods of guest communication. And they're noticing there's like a new cohort of amateur hosts that are entering to the market, which increases competition and increase pressure on them. So what they want to do is set themselves apart from everyone else.
Kevin Kaspar: So the push here we see is high competition, and the force to adapt to new travelers and the pull is to establish a new standard of excellence, to set themselves apart from everyone else
Kevin Kaspar: in terms of social. We can see here that they really want to stand out from their peers and appear trustworthy to their guests.
Kevin Kaspar: and emotional is that they want to feel empowered to be able to stand up against the big players like the Otas as well as just like the little players within the market, and they want to become proud of their own business and show that they're professional business.
Kevin Kaspar: And the 3rd clusters I am glued to my phone 24, 7. So these are individual host. Family run businesses where the owners are constantly on call 24, 7. They're in their exercise class and have 9 missed calls from their guests. So the push really is that constant need of being available throughout the day and having these interruptions.
Kevin Kaspar: and they really just want to get back to their day, to spend time with family, be able to work on their business and growth, and they want to feel comfortable, that everything is being taken care of, that their guests are being cared for, and the security that they don't need to constantly be there as well as have freedom.
Kevin Kaspar: The last one is my small team. My small team is completely overwhelmed, but I cannot hire more. These are financially struggling businesses. They need to cut costs.
Kevin Kaspar: So they really work with large financial constraints. Their social one is actually really interesting. It's someone who can run a tide shift. That's how they want to be perceived, so they can have the relationships with the owners of the properties.
Kevin Kaspar: Implications for business number one reformulate a value proposition, really look at individual hosts and family businesses, and number 3 go deeper into cluster one and 3, because that's where we actually felt the most customer team.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: you lose efficiency at every step of this process. Your screening criteria is so effective that it literally didn't matter, because you were lining up these conversations in such a way that you were going. You're gonna gain insight, and you're going to gain next step. And so pulling that out really not an easy thing to do.
Kevin Kaspar: ripping down the list here.
Kevin Kaspar: What happens to drive so cluster one like what happens to drive people to this moment? And when do they arise? I will call out the pushes. Here are polls. So I like
Kevin Kaspar: I I need to stop. It's good like the when I statements, when they have need in them. When I need to do this, it's actually so I can do this. It's like kind of a a hidden language trick?
Kevin Kaspar: And so I would push to think about that. But when are these concerns arising? Because my team's expertise is being waste all the time? What is actually floating those ideas? You don't have to answer now, because we're super time constrained. I would love to hear about it more. More specificity is critical.
Kevin Kaspar: then, like, let's go to 3. Just because you guys are also focusing there. I love. So the good example here is this exercise class. I can't even work out anymore. And it's like, can you imagine how many sales you're going to be closing when you like? Predict that that's what somebody is going through. There will be other ways that this symptom manifests. But just to have that level of insight is going to be really really helpful. I think the consequences on one and 2
Kevin Kaspar: could be deeper fleshed out. So what's happening right here is you're losing agents like 3 is you're losing agency in your life.
Kevin Kaspar: and that sounds terrible and like I don't want to be doing that. There might be more that to it. There's probably deeper levels. But like I'm left coming away with one and 2 as like. So what like? What's on the line
Kevin Kaspar: for this? And I think being able to frame that is helpful. Also just a shout out very, very important to map out the inertia. So the social, functional, social, and emotional connections. This is a really important part of the connection, but just in terms of the matrix. And I don't know if it was just for the sake of presenting. Okay, perfect. So yeah, those. How do I know that if I adopt your thing it'll do this.
Kevin Kaspar: I'll still be able to do that like those anxieties are going to be critical and getting someone to actually end up making a change and jump to you. I think it's smart to avoid Number 4, to start off just
Kevin Kaspar: based on gut that that checks. I mean, there, there's a lot of risk associated with going, for I'm going out of business here. Can you buy our product?
Kevin Kaspar: Alright.
Kevin Kaspar: that's solid. Thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. Because
Kevin Kaspar: all right, noetic, you're next, we're gonna do seascape last. Or actually, we have bite night as well noetic, and then bite night and seascapes.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay. Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, cool. Okay? So
Kevin Kaspar: previous, this is vertical one. I'm not actually pivoted. But previous screen criteria market research firms are the executives within those firms who within the past, within the past 3 to 6 months, have purchased a qualitative survey automation tool. So they had to have used it and had to have faced business impacts due to
Kevin Kaspar: staffing shortages, because that was what I'd seen with previous clients existing plans. So I've done 4 whoops. 4 interviews 3 coming up. But one of those is actually going to roll into the next vertical. That's super
Kevin Kaspar: so it was pretty brutal to be honest trying to find the Ceos of these companies. It's been kind of killing me for a few weeks, so very happy to have pivoted now. It was kind of like a long, like a long time, so I'm happy to have now had the validation of that to be able to move on so and a couple of the with the 2 clients I have now they offered, like the client perspective as well, which is part of the reason why pivoting
Kevin Kaspar: I'll get to that. So yeah, some of them there was actually, but there always has been. But even diving deeper. There was more hostility than usual. So because essentially, as one of these guys said to me, what you're proposing here is, you're going to try and automate my value proposition.
Kevin Kaspar: So why would I work with you? So? Yeah, 2 of those in the new contacts? I would basically ended up. One of them had looked me up before. That was that guy. He looked me up and
Kevin Kaspar: had already decided that he was going to be hostile. So it was interesting
Kevin Kaspar: again. Hence the pivot so one of these
Kevin Kaspar: clusters was the need to focus on strategy, not logistics. So in one of the interviews here the CEO brought in his research manager. And there's this, it's an it's a recurring theme where the research manager will be trying to stick to the framework essentially and well, like
Kevin Kaspar: at the cost of actually achieving the fundamental goal which is seeking insight. And so there was like a really long it went on for about an hour and a half. This call, actually, which was very interesting. I'll just move on sake of time So
Kevin Kaspar: repeatedly missing them up with research. So basically, missing new ones
Kevin Kaspar: due to existing methods.
Kevin Kaspar: Hurry up
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. So
Kevin Kaspar: again, this is very expensive. Anyone who's done market research before would know that respondent compensation as well as like outsourcing to external firms but
Kevin Kaspar: costs
Kevin Kaspar: way more than smaller companies are able to actually do. And so Budget again reiterated that to me, so automated tools, yeah, 1 min. Yeah. So, automated tools aren't perfect. But they give us a competitive edge. This is with the 2 existing clients.
Kevin Kaspar: This is sort of like a preliminary thing where they feel that
Kevin Kaspar: their clients coming to them have an issue with the fact that they use such traditional methods. And there's like a push
Kevin Kaspar: took to them to adopt new methodologies. And that's why they were trying out noetic. And
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, it it works. We're sort of like surviving month to month, I guess. But there's I don't see enough of a pathway going forward, which is why I've always had in the back of my mind this sort of cognitive distance and this anxiety about like needing to eventually target there. And as so, yeah, this is the, this is the last slide basically of this. So push and pull.
Kevin Kaspar: So new screening criteria are pivoting to from firms to embedded consumer insight managers. So basically, people within larger companies who are managing the market research process so they would be they would be buying from my previous vertical. So I'm here, as I said now, switching to
Kevin Kaspar: trying to take their clients from them, which is where the hostility came from. They could sense that that was where it was going to go. So yeah. So I'll let Jake and Liliana lean in on the research side. My question to you before. All of that is, what are you doing to make business progress while also trying to do this research?
Kevin Kaspar: Well, so developing software that it would be existing clients. Okay, so, still reaching out to these, I built a list of like 400. Now, of these particular vertical people, the market research managed inside companies
Kevin Kaspar: doing that for a couple of weeks while also developing the software, which is sort of like a an ongoing thing that I know. Will help move into this new vertical as well, like a self manage. I think I mentioned it even in the interviews with you guys months ago. But I want to build this
Kevin Kaspar: self-managed Sas kind of tool. Essentially. So you're building the product while you're doing this research, it's something that's been ongoing. So my developers working on it. But it's an easy pivot to go from the market research firm provider to the end buyer. It's yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: They have that same. I know. Yeah, it seems. Okay, we can talk more later. I just wanna make sure I understand the business progress. Because I think that's really really important on top of the research. I don't want you lost in thought.
Kevin Kaspar: And I'm worried that you might be, yeah, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, whatever whatever you can do to move it along. And like this is, gonna be specific to every company. I I would probably find people who have done this for
Kevin Kaspar: button
Kevin Kaspar: you either want like I, I would hinge success or failure like firing on this. But like, if you understand what makes it successful, for you can move on to those failure points, if not.
Kevin Kaspar: start with people who have hired it and have used it. Yeah, actively used it, and now still are pretty happy with it. What I'll say is I I'm aware of a company that's crushing it in this space right now, but they're very specific, and even they need to get way. More specific. Yeah, at this point. But it's like, food.
Kevin Kaspar: It's there. It's market research for food and and Bev insights for distributors that sell into major fast food restaurants like, it's just like you'll start if you were able to kind of get it to that point all of a sudden. It's like, literally, they went from 0 to 25 kmr, and like, 2 months, it was like, what's the name of that one?
Kevin Kaspar: Menu data? Okay, thanks. Yeah. My brother-in-law also work or worked at a insights company. And I think he has a lot of he hated the experience. So he, I would probably be willing to dish, but like not a paid decision maker, I would definitely
Kevin Kaspar: make sure that you're making business progress while you're doing this, and then I would run through this as quickly as possible. A paid wait list
Kevin Kaspar: is also something that in terms of, if you are bringing this to market. You'll actually get signal from that, because you're framing as it changes through the course of these conversations, may increase that close rate to reserve your spot, or whatever it might be. Okay. So the concern that Neil had as well, I'll be doubling down on this and no that, he said. Paid. Wait, list free. Wait, list out here. It doesn't mean anything.
Kevin Kaspar: Remember? Okay, I don't. I don't know why you guys are. You are still trying to do round one interviews. If you've realized your screening criteria needs to change, I think that's a waste of your time. Those 3 that you have, you should just cancel them. They were scheduled that might fit this. Okay, Fabio. Go.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: Can you turn off siri up there?
Kevin Kaspar: The series on?
Kevin Kaspar: She's really confused with listening to us.
Kevin Kaspar: Thank you. Hirash.
Kevin Kaspar: All right, Fabio. 4 min. All right. Cool.
Kevin Kaspar: Hi, everyone.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. Lots of insights from these jobs to be done. So
Kevin Kaspar: let's start
Kevin Kaspar: our screening criteria has been
Kevin Kaspar: this one, and has stayed the same pretty much throughout the whole journey. So we were looking for technical founders from startups. Specifically small startups from one to 10 employees
Kevin Kaspar: who have either transition to serverless computing solutions or have integrated them into their stack. And we're we were looking specifically for startups that use serverless computing for source heavy computation. But we stumbled upon some startups that use that for other purposes, like transactional functions, and we still wanted to talk to them because they had some insights into what they're looking into. When approaching these platforms, which we found interesting
Kevin Kaspar: so well, got 14 interviews and 81 statements that doesn't mean anything but serverless solution space. So who? our. So our any interviewees are working with container services like
Kevin Kaspar: Amazon, Ecs. Amazon, Fargate, Gke service, compute solutions, and edge and hybrid. So like vercel, cloudflare workers and Roundpod. And the use cases are also this. This is the trickiest part, because we still haven't figured out exactly which one of these ones we want to pursue. But I want to make it clear that there are multiple use cases. Serverless computing is used in, and each of them is is equally important.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean, for, according to our customers, like they work in Aml model serving Etl processes, web testing, and actually
Kevin Kaspar: many more. But these are the ones that we have interviewed. So okay, we have identified a few
Kevin Kaspar: drivers, mostly functional, because we're talking to engineers. So we try to get some of their feelings. But
Kevin Kaspar: it's very hard.
Kevin Kaspar: So 1st of all, why why use containers? Not serverless?
Kevin Kaspar: Because I need longer job timeouts for my heavier tasks. It turns out serverless computing solutions have strict timeouts. So you run a job after 15 min it gets cut off. That's not good. People can't do their heavy stuff. They can do Llms. They can do
Kevin Kaspar: heavy Etl processes. They just decide to go to Kubernetes for that. And and that's bad, because serverless can actually be helpful to abstract the infrastructure. Layer.
Kevin Kaspar: Second, I don't want my users to wait for cold start times so synchronous. AI serving companies like Michael have like have their users wait
Kevin Kaspar: 30 to 40 seconds while their instances spin up with serverless whereas they would like them to be warm, as you say in the lingo to yeah, basically have a mediate instantaneous compute.
Kevin Kaspar: And the other way around, like, why people that have adopted serverless did that and didn't use containers because they want scalability. That's pretty clear. It was clear to us, even before the jobs to be done interviews. But we had
Kevin Kaspar: consolidated this people want from 0 to 1,000, and for a thousand to 0. So both the the capability of ramping up the compute and the capability of bringing it down to 0. So spending $0 when you don't have requests, are very important for serverless compute users.
Kevin Kaspar: And then, last, but not least, why would you use Google over Aws or
Kevin Kaspar: Google over azure people like ease of use and clear documentation? A person says, Oh, my God! Aws! Is a mess we should hire like a devops engineers so complex. We decided to go for Gcp.
Kevin Kaspar: And many, many similar statements. We got related to the use of aws and azure. So what's next? You might just want to leave that up and we can read it absolutely.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: purchasing moment is going to be extremely pivotal in your company's success. You're selling into startups, and you can waste your time in the sales cycle with a lot of people who don't have money to deploy to solve this problem. Bad customers. And so there's that meme. Why, why, why never! How am I doing, you know, like, but like what you need to start drilling in on is like, when when are people actually making these changes? I understand these situations that you've
Kevin Kaspar: found out about. But when does it go from good enough to not actively go from good enough to not good enough you have push or sorry your so your your clusters are
Kevin Kaspar: just breaking them down. If you go back to one
Kevin Kaspar: just so that you can like look through the language. This is a poll. This is desired outcome. So it's like, it's not when I need longer job timeouts for my heavier task. It's so I can have. That's I understand, sound semantic, but it's helpful, especially when the primary feedback that I have for you again is in moment.
Kevin Kaspar: This is where someone's trying to go. But where are they right now, does everyone understand the point you just made? He's reframing. I need statement into a like. So I can as a desire out.
Kevin Kaspar: okay, we're gonna go. We're gonna go one deeper. So go to 3,
Kevin Kaspar: another poll.
Kevin Kaspar: This is this is something that somebody wants to get to. It's not something that I'm existing in that's going to make me buy the thing you have to understand, both of them. And then you need to understand again, like, how do I know that you will be able to provide? How do I know that my business will not go under in the next 6 months? That this is something that my customers need. That will be the difference for me to raise my series a or like. However, you're going to. I don't know how early stage you're selling into. But again, like figuring out what those
Kevin Kaspar: things are gonna be 2 is a proper moment. So if you flash back here, it's like, I don't want my users to wait for cold start times user. I I was just on the phone and I lost a customer of how long they were waiting for. That's a very concrete thing that I can. Then.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. So the switching moment is definitely something we have to focus on. And I appreciate it for bringing it up. I just want to say that many of these interviewees are really chasing cloud credits, and that also resonates to your point that they don't have much money. But another point is that the reason why I use the word need here is is that
Kevin Kaspar: most of these people are really a job done and the job is mostly like binary, like, it's either there or not. She's gonna pick me out it's yeah. So again, and I apologize for how blunt I've been over the course of the this session. It's it's purely time restrictive. The issue is not that you wrote need here. That's totally fine. But just recognize that that's a desired outcome. That is not a strong. That's not a moment. That's not a wish.
Kevin Kaspar: I see, you guys own, ha! Have customers that are going to have needs you, you actually, that's required. I see. Okay, yeah, it's a good sign. No, no, I get it now. Thanks for feedback.
Kevin Kaspar: Thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: Fabio. You might want to look in demand side sales for where Bob Messer talks about the struggling moment, I think, understanding that concept might help you a little bit more. Remember, it's not like where we're finding them. It's when, yeah. And it's also like, this isn't a natural thing to understand
Kevin Kaspar: like it comes.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, it comes inevitably over time, like everything that I've said today. I only know that because I used to like, I was writing like what I need when I need what I need. Like.
Kevin Kaspar: it's okay
Kevin Kaspar: comments.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? So I have to get a new laptop. That's clear in terms of screening criteria. I left it really broad because I didn't know what I didn't know. So basically, they had to have purchased a Ctms. Within the past 1. 2 years. I later expanded it, but most of them fall within 1. 2 years, and they were the primary champion driver decision maker. I wanted to learn what types of organizations are buying these. What is the trigger? What's the event?
Kevin Kaspar: Check it out except for me? Okay, you know the sourcing and evaluation process and any other things that I didn't know I did. 6 interviews had to throw one out because they didn't really meet the screening criteria. I have another one scheduled next week, and I plan to do this throughout the life of the business. I did 3. I found 3 clusters very small end. So the 1st cluster is the
Kevin Kaspar: small and medium pharma, second and 3rd cluster is based on the same interview with the small Cro Morgan mentioned a preclinical cro. These are clinical cros. So take all this with a grain of salt.
Kevin Kaspar: but
Kevin Kaspar: else
Kevin Kaspar: okay, so cluster one small medium pharma. When my clinical trial portfolio expands and my Cro can't keep up with my needs. I want to address this with a solution that gives me a single line of sight. Both of these people said the same thing, single line of sight across my trial portfolio, and allows me to manage up to senior leadership effectively. So they were using, like Microsoft.
Kevin Kaspar: Excel sharepoint, they had both expanded to their they were starting their pivotal trial, which is a trial that generates the data. You submit to the FDA to commercialize your drug phase one and 2 are more about learning about the drug. This is about the submission
Kevin Kaspar: so they were pushed into this because they were just scaling their trials.
Kevin Kaspar: you know, they had a lot of anxieties around changing systems. No one likes change. Will they keep upgrading how to migrate the existing data? Will this work, etc, etc. And we're already building towards this. So this is our ideal cluster. I've already made a change to our cold email template before I was just
Kevin Kaspar: emphasizing what differentiates us. Now, I'm just telling them I'm mentioning what they're looking for, and the differentiation will come during the sales process after we're shortlisted.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. Cluster 2. This is a small
Kevin Kaspar: okay, small Cro. When I have been doing things manually. I want an all in one solution that automates my work so it can be more efficient and stay on top of my Pharma clients demands. So their client is a pharma company. So this is the same small cro. They had nothing. They're using Microsoft access database, and they wanted to stay current with technology. They're very attracted to the idea of modernizing, and their sponsors were getting more demanding. They wanted prettier reports and metrics
Kevin Kaspar: cluster 3 same interview. They fired the previous Ctms. And went with another one because it was underperforming, so they found a lot of features in the system useless. They had to revert to using Ms project, excel the final straw was never ending. Glitches and monitoring report module that caused a late delivery of reports to the client.
Kevin Kaspar: So there again you saw initially, was pull. And now it's all push which I thought was really interesting. Anxiety is just like, will this happen again.
Kevin Kaspar: Commonalities across every single interview. Everyone initially buys a solution because they're scaling something right? They're scaling their trial portfolio number of clinical sites. The the entire business. Everyone wants an all in one solution. They don't want to navigate from solution to solution. Everyone sources vendors primarily through their internal team. They ask, what have you guys used? What do you wanna
Kevin Kaspar: you know? Who do you like? Who do you not like? And then conferences and Google search are distant. Second, and no one raves about anything. It's about who does the less harm. It's more about selecting out poor vendors.
Kevin Kaspar: Some concerns. Some companies have an additional gatekeeper called Clinical Systems Group. I don't really understand what their process is. I may have to interview that group just to understand. And then, second, some small companies want an established solution because they can't take any risk. They have an existential risk because they don't have a commercialized product. So I need to brainstorm how to get around this. That's it.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't have a lot to say right now, but like this is juicy, like, you got a lot of interesting stuff. I know we only have 6. So there's more to do. But like.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm impressed with what you've been able to render from the 6.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, this is our last one, and we so I can, we can spend a little bit. Pause.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, totally okay. So then let's talk. Let's talk afterwards. Make sure that you're differentiating between these clusters. You're spreading a single story across a few, which is okay. If there are multiple polls in
Kevin Kaspar: excuse me, touch points, but as you're lining up more of these conversations, don't let your prior experience get colored, so make sure that you're still remaining open and receptive to these moments. 2 is a much weaker story than one which is natural, because you're already building for one. You already have a significant amount of insight into how those people work. And so just making sure that you're supplementing and not just
Kevin Kaspar: validating what you already know, it's great, but like, really understand the late demand that exists in the market, I would avoid the second bullet point at all costs. And then, when it comes to that additional process like, yeah, you're open and curious to building in, but also recognize at a certain point like you're going to be able to get tactical with this. So you're going to look at it and be like, Okay, what's a contract value to you? How many of those contracts do you need to close to get to my
Kevin Kaspar: a BC. How far can you get on? Just one cluster? This is like different than the Airbnb Booking Company, for example, because they actually you might sell to different people who are experiencing 1, 2, and 3, or like, have those moments. Yours is yours is different. These crs that require a certain level of focus. So it actually might be okay.
Kevin Kaspar: validate it first.st But it might be okay just to ignore these gatekeepers for the time being. And it's like, Oh, I want to do. This is when we talk about continuous research. I want to do this research at Point D, not like right now, when I need to be building and shipping impactful product to close sales for cluster one, yeah, it's it's just too broad. So I have to get narrower, right. And so like, I think that it's okay as long as again, you're not just going with Cluster one, because that
Kevin Kaspar: that's what you know, but rather like. Don't try to. Where does the latent demand exist? That's 1 tool in your tool belt, another is going to be your own personal expertise, and what you're more equipped to sell into. But it's like, where are the people that are most likely that you're most likely to close in mass quickly enough that you can then parlay that into either a business that's default alive or whatever milestone you're looking
Kevin Kaspar: for. Yeah, just have to do more. Basically, it's like, yeah. But this I mean.
Kevin Kaspar: So now we still got a minute. This is awesome. So that 1st one like I for the people in that need to make also the most progress in this, like in our skeptical of it as an approach. Oh, this doesn't apply to me. It's like you can't look at that and tell me that if you had that a version of that for your business it would be you wouldn't be in a better, more successful or well equipped spot.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean everything from email copy all the way to the way that you prioritize what product you're building is fundamentally more clear. Should you decide to build for that 1st cluster.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: how's that?
Kevin Kaspar: But so we can go through all them. But like, let's go to cluster one.
Kevin Kaspar: Something happened like, 1st and foremost something happened. My clinical trial portfolio just expanded. Oh, shit! And and this is where it's like, be. We're talking for the b 2 b people. It's like I might lose my job, my clinical trial for portfolio just expanded. And I've lost my line of sight.
Kevin Kaspar: personal and simplification separate from this.
Kevin Kaspar: It's yeah. I mean, it's it's core and fundamental, like, it's like as value driven as we all are. This is the tip of the absolute iceberg in terms of like people with that screw loose like, I think it's important to understand that you're the bug. You're not the feature. People don't like come to work to find purpose like that's like, I think that's a talking point. But at the end of the day most people just show up, do their job go home, and they don't want to lose that job that they have.
Kevin Kaspar: No one in this room is like that. So it's
Kevin Kaspar: and then we're gonna wrap.
Kevin Kaspar: I would say in general, a lot of you have a lot of interviews left to do so. Really good insights so far. Keep it up. Finish the round like, Jake said. It shouldn't be a rest of program. Kind of thing like this should be top of priority. Finish finish the round so you can get the implications to do the prototyping and like actually make progress on the business. This isn't like supposed to be the rest of techstars. We're supposed to get going and start growing. So put that at the top of your priority lists
Kevin Kaspar: that like it's this isn't an intellectual exercise. It's about
Kevin Kaspar: closing like starting to make progress for the business. And so the quicker that you're able to do that and the higher quality of which you're able to conduct these interviews understand? Like it's not gonna be perfect. It doesn't need to be perfect. But you happen to have experts who like are able, willing, and excited, to give feedback on where to go next and what to explore next.
Kevin Kaspar: I take advantage of it, particularly while you have it literally at your fingertips. So it's like you'll conduct these. You'll find clusters. People generally love talking about themselves. So it's like you can reach back out to, hey? Can we talk back on the phone, forgot we had a couple of extra questions like your, you can literally just we will text our people. But it depends what's going on. But when it comes to, I remember, like we're talking for you, for example, you're gonna get to a point. Typically it's like
Kevin Kaspar: screening. Criteria needs to be tighter then it's the
Kevin Kaspar: quality of the insight needs like you need to drill down deeper, and then you're seeing like, or it needs to hinge on a moment, and then the quality of the insight needs to drill down quite a bit deeper. Because there's more to be unlocked.
Kevin Kaspar: So we told you at the webinar. We told you during the selection process told you during the 1st 2 weeks before program started
Kevin Kaspar: when program started.
Kevin Kaspar: This is our secret weapon. So if you're a techstar, San Francisco with us and our team.
Kevin Kaspar: this is what you get unique access to that. No other program does.
Kevin Kaspar: So you are doing yourself a massive disservice if you aren't taking that support seriously.
Kevin Kaspar: So lean in, take it seriously, and recognize that every successful company we've had
Kevin Kaspar: has taken this process seriously. Come back later. And it's a lot harder later. It's a lot more expensive. And most of them die before they're even able to move on. Okay, that's the end of this session. I would say, you guys did overall really great. So much progress from the checkpoint. I'm really proud of you guys keep it up. Keep us in the loop. That's what I would ask.
Kevin Kaspar: We're gonna do our poker game night. There's also a lot of like board games, and there's billiards down there and stuff. So we got access because George and Kevin are awesome to this like speakeasy in the basement that normally they never let people into. It's all set up. We're gonna start at 6 30. So give us some time to like finish setting up. Just go to the basement from the elevator, you'll find your way to the speakeasy. That's where it's going to be. Dinner will be served. Dinner. Yeah, we have pizza and drinks 6, 30. So we'll see you down there. Okay, thanks, guys.
Dave Scott: Thank you.
Dave Scott: Bye.